【The fate that cannot be liberated】
[Episode 25]
Ren Yinxiao,
We have recaptured Wutu City.
Do you still plan to stay here?
You are
a defeated general who cannot even defend the city.
Once we seal off the only way back to south-finding
You will have nowhere to retreat.
Then,
You can only be a war slave in Nanjiang
for the rest of your life.
since,
Even the remaining five pictures were taken away by you,
I don’t want Nanjiang either.
Are the Xunnan soldiers inferior?
Or if Jia Lin has divine help,
it doesn't matter.
but
someone
A price must be paid for this.
Before returning to Xunnan,
I want to kill someone to sacrifice to heaven
Soothe the souls of the dead Xunnan warriors.
It's Rong Consultant.
How was Consultant Rong arrested?
General He, congratulations.
You have trampled on my land and killed my soldiers.
Now you insult my military advisor.
Yeah, so what?
How can we endure such humiliation?
We will fight to the death to save Staff Officer Rong.
let's go.
return.
the only thing you have to do
It is to defend Nanjiang City.
Since you took Utu,
I will kill the person you least want to lose.
Thank you emperor.
Your Majesty did not
punish Xingxiang Pavilion for treason.
And spared Rong Yu's only relative.
But I decided early on to commit suicide as an apology.
today,
Every inch of land
was returned to Jialin.
every story
The conclusion has been reached.
my time has come
Use my blood to comfort the country.
Don't feel sorry for me.
At least,
I will not be killed by others.
Otherwise, Jia Lin will be humiliated.
extract.
No.
[Nanjiang City]
From now on, she is your sister.
As her senior brother,
you must take good care of her. understand?
Let's have some fried scorpions.
When the master is away,
that's all we can do.
Thank you, brother. you eat first.
- Senior brother.
- here.
delicious.
Well, don't feel bad.
I went down the mountain and became
the strongest person.
You are fine now.
Why do you want to be that person?
Because that's the only way
Can I protect the people who matter most?
I'll leave now.
enough. stop.
Jiuling.
He Jiuling, he is dead.
Is it worth dying for him?
If he lives, I can die.
if he dies,
I must die with him.
Jiuling.
Even if it's a corpse,
I had to bring him home in a decent way.
we can't live together
But we can die together.
little sister.
If you knew something like this would happen
Why did you start it in the first place?
let's go.
Rong Yu.
???A flower blooms only for you? ? ?
???My tears and worries are only for you? ? ?
Rong Yu.
???My yearning, the promise of the next life? ? ?
???For you, I would go crazy and stay? ? ?
Rong Yu.
This time, I will take you home.
???The realm is still there? ? ?
Rong Yu.
I am
for. . . Apologize
What happened to the H-He family.
??? Lend me a lifetime wish? ? ?
Rong Yu.
I do not blame you.
Did you hear me?
???The old face is back with you again? ? ?
Master.
The master gave him
a rejuvenation pill before.
It should be suppressed for a while.
Doctor, I have a lot of medicine here.
It can condense Qi,
nourish blood,
Used to clear meridians.
I have many others.
We should try it. It might work.
Rong Yu, open your mouth.
But it had been too long since he took the poison.
Even if the poison has been forced out,
There is no way to recover from the damage in his body.
Even the best medicine doesn't help.
Your Majesty, I have tried my best.
Try to think of other options.
You must resurrect him.
Otherwise, I will punish you.
I will punish you all.
Your Majesty,
I am not incompetent in medical skills.
It was true that his body was severely damaged.
Old wounds have not yet healed
, and new ones appear one after another.
There is really no other way, Your Majesty.
Then tell me. How many days can he live?
Even if
I use the best medicine to save his life,
It won't take more than ten days.
Rong Yu was injured like this. You have to survive.
You have to be kind to yourself first.
Yes, I must live.
I had to live to save him.
You were born with a strange premature aging disease.
When a normal person lives for ten years,
You may have had your whole life.
Five years ago,
everyone thought you were cured.
In fact, you're surviving on medical worms.
I used the greatest skill of my life.
A medicine was made called Pipazui.
As long as this medical bug is in your body,
Whether it's a strange, serious illness
or trauma,
As long as it doesn’t damage fundamentals
Pipa Zui will repair it as quickly as possible.
This time I brought you back.
Should I thank you?
do you know
Why did I go to Hanshan Temple?
I don't know, and I don't want to know.
And this time I have you back
Because Rong Yu is very ill.
He needs you.
hypocritical.
Every time Rong Yu gets hurt, it's because of you.
You are Rong Yu’s disaster,
Disaster for the Rong family.
This is me.
I let him down.
If not for me,
He had no will to live.
But it's more painful than this
kill me.
He is torturing my heart.
He Jiuling,
kill me.
Yes,
I should kill you.
My family was framed by you.
I shouldn't let anyone behind this go.
But I can't kill you
I will never forgive you.
Our feud was settled.
I failed my family.
I'm ashamed to see my father,
brother, sister-in-law
and my unborn nephew.
after I die,
I will plead guilty to them.
future,
Protect Rong Yu as before.
Don't do anything to make him sad again.
This is my only request.
hurry.
hurry. This way.
hurry up. This way.
Yes.
[To Zhangping]
Heshan Zhanping,
I went to look for medicine.
I'll be back in five days. wait for me.
Here he is.
dawn.
master.
take the token
Back away.
I will not come to Xunnan again.
Does Master want to scold me?
I've already scolded you.
It's just that I feel ashamed.
Over the past ten years,
You haven't learned how to let go.
let go?
When your mother sent you to Wuhua Mountain
to become my disciple,
She doesn't want you to kill so many people
And then sit here alone.
She wants you to escape this murderous place without a second thought.
She wants you to grow up
to be more carefree and happier than your brothers.
But you didn't understand her.
I never forgot being a king
Revenge for both of you.
Although you always smile,
you never have a happy day
On Wuhua Mountain.
Now that things have developed to this point,
are you happy?
do you truly feel happy
When did you and Jiuling become enemies?
Master, master, I don't want to learn how
to extract insecticides.
Poison him. Soften his bones.
Replace his blood.
Let him
go without food or water for several days.
The medicinal insects can then be removed.
How can one live like this?
They may not survive.
I haven't tried it before.
First, use the nine insects, nine medicines, and nine poisons to make a thick soup
.
Let the person take it.
Wait until human bones
As if being smashed by a heavy hammer,
Then use your martial arts
to make his meridians flow backwards.
It's very dangerous here and you must not
be disturbed by outsiders, otherwise? ? ?
The last battle of Nanjiang
Wutu was solved after being taken away by Jialin.
Who would have thought that
King Xunnan would be so embarrassed and angry.
He wants to kill our military advisor
and the Star Reacher to sacrifice to heaven.
Grimace General on Horseback
Charge into the enemy army.
Just like water flowing into the sea
, and like meat offered to the herd of beasts.
He didn't seem to reciprocate.
At this most critical moment,
The heaven and earth split open, and a golden dragon descended.
With a roar, the Xunnan Army was so frightened that
they even dropped their armor and helmets.
They trembled and cried out, begging
the saint to forgive them.
It turns out that the
person who has been wearing a ghost mask,
It’s Emperor Jialing,
Cheng'an.
Your Majesty.
from now on,
You are not only
the ghost-faced general of Nanjiang,
And he is also the ghost-faced emperor of Jialing.
Just pretend to be the person who made a life-and-death contract with you,
Never existed.
Since I'm destined to leave,
please allow me to decide for myself
To increase this advantage,
To the man I swore allegiance to.
I have been confused my entire life.
the only thing i accomplished
That is to be absolutely loyal to Jialin
and die for it.
Fortunately, at least in this regard,
I didn't let my father and brothers down.
Do you all know?
Did she order you to hide the truth?
before she leaves
Just to give me the glory that doesn’t belong to me
Stabilize this country?
So what if they saw it?
- elder sister.
- Even though many people have seen it,
As long as we are willing,
The person behind the ghost mask,
It can be anyone.
- No.
- You are the emperor.
You should understand
the purpose of her letter.
At.
Quickly. Invite the imperial physician.
Quickly!
What's this?
Amnesia powder.
Senior brother,
Why are you doing this?
sometimes love
Too cumbersome.
When you have no choice,
You may need it.
This is the third time
I'm here to stay.
the first time is
When you are poisoned.
I stayed here for three days and three nights.
But I don't know why,
I just think
You'll be fine.
you
It will definitely get better.
At that time,
I'm not that worried.
I'm just angry.
I think
destroy everything
To protect you.
The second time is
When you are severely burned.
i can't be with you
just like before.
my heart then
Even more exhausted than my body.
suddenly,
I felt like I was falling apart.
I don't want to do anything.
This is the third time.
two
Feel
I won't be able to be with you.
I have no idea
can you hear me.
However,
You probably don't want to hear it from me.
I always
thought we
Dependent on each other.
We can never bear to be separated.
But now it seems
We are more
Like a nemesis.
Let the past grudges go.
Give Way.
Princess.
it's too cold.
Why is the capital so cold?
Hand warmers aren't much help either.
I should stay in the comfort of my house.
Why am I waiting for Master Yuanhui
Going to Qingcheng Temple?
Princess, are you okay?
what happened?
Princess.
Something serious has happened, princess.
Be careful, princess.
not me.
It was the old woman who
suddenly hit the horse.
The horse was frightened
and left her seriously injured.
There is blood.
Is it obvious at a glance?
Winter in the capital is unbearable.
As soon as they see a rich person,
they try to defraud them out of money.
They also specially chose
this road leading to Qingcheng Temple.
Hoping to meet some naive and wealthy pilgrims.
but I? ? ?
Why are you grabbing my clothes?
- I? ? ?
- let go.
let go.
Chu.
There are no naive rich pilgrims.
But every pilgrim
wants to accumulate good karma.
Princess.
C-Yes
you
please leave
As fast as you can? ? ?
???Under the sunset at dusk? ? ?
???I traveled thousands of miles to a distant place? ? ?
???Playing the piano under the moonlight? ? ?
???These drinks won’t make me forget? ? ?
???The desire I wrote for you? ? ?
??? Our destiny is written on paper? ? ?
??? Like the strongest wine? ? ?
??? There is no way to escape fate? ? ?
???Looking back, I saw you waiting? ? ?
???Our life is full of joy and sorrow? ? ?
??? Desire to crystallize
into a bright galaxy???
???You quietly turned around and
closed the marriage certificate? ? ?
???Ask how many stars are there in the sky? ? ?
???The desire I wrote for you? ? ?
??? Our destiny is written on paper? ? ?
??? Like the strongest wine? ? ?
??? There is no way to escape fate? ? ?
???Looking back, I saw you waiting? ? ?
???Our life is full of joy and sorrow? ? ?
??? Desire to crystallize
into a bright galaxy???
???I gently caress the guzheng,
waiting for passers-by like you???
???So you are my indissoluble bond? ? ?